Gechur.

Use your stuff. Remove your stuff. And how to get your money's worth. 

(Difficulty: Low)
Pitch/Idea: 
    Create a web application that allows users to input items they own, how much the items cost, and how much time they want to use the item for in order to "Gechur" monies worth.  

MVP:
    Users can input items they own and cost of those items. 
    Users can input how much time they've spend on specific items. 
    The application keeps track of items, and recommends items that haven't been used in a long time that the user has marked as priority.
    User can mark if items are things they want to get rid of after using them. 
    User's can mark percentage of how much they've used the items (such as for books, shows, or campaign board/video games)
    Possibly keep track of # of times used, and once that number of times is met, the site declared the item's money's worth kept. 
    Application congradulates the user when they have gotten their money's worth of the items used. 
    Application tracks things that the user has gotten rid of

Future Features:
    Friends feature where people can see what other people are getting rid of and ask for them. 
    Friends can give recommendations for items they've used


Concrete Quests (Difficulty: High)
Chart different adventures you could go to within a certain mile radius. Would use google maps api or something. Mainly for people who live in a city or large town. 

Pitch/Idea: 
    Create a web application that gives users a quest line of several locations to go to in order to explore a city or area that they're in. 

MVP:
    Site will take the user's location and give them three random locations in an certain mile radius, and the user will have to travel to each of those locations to complete the quest line. 
    Users will be able to pick the type of transportation, and that will determine the mile radius. 
    Site will keep track of failed quest lines and succeeded quest lines. 
    Users will be encouraged to engage with the location they went to, with a photo or purchasing a food item. 

Future Features:
    Site will remind the user, that they should be ashamed of themselves if they're cheating. It's just a lame thing to do. Who are you trying to impress? 
    Site will applaud the user if they marked a quest as failed. Tough thing to do. 

    

